Ah ah ah ah
Imagination stage name
Everyone agrees Is visitor rules Did you know now
Is this Casa you don't know the rules Are you so close
By do not know do not know from this for we will main telephone number
I would like you to write the name of the Hadano High School member who thinks that I will open up in the main topic because it is an elite
think
10 respondents is that there is complete Once the game success to success we have and
I would like to stab it here because I have prepared a reward
Your reward is here
Volleyball with Molten's name
nare
My mom just wanted the valley so sweet
Ha ha ha I'm glad I did ha ha ha
This number of people
Well then I say everyone has a name
It is a valuable product prepared for the rain dot
Good bye here
If there is such a surprise I think you should be noted glad
Confident of lowering was a date in the future
I would like you to do my best to be a weapon shop
I think that I want to proceed immediately, this is a massage problem here
[musics]
To anyone if to consult the trouble to someone in Karasuno high school members
That's right, but this is pretty much the first answer seems to be parlors
There is also an atmosphere, is this one choice ?
It's an ideal to go along , but two companies are wrong
Cheats This is a choice, but it is a choice, but then it's the first thing here
It is from your writing We Mashoha Emada now at your fingertips of flip
It's from now on I've written good eating pressure only for such Monka-chan's eating out pressure
Is a vendor
Booby 1 Erotic Storekeeper
Oops are coming in with my lover Oh oh oh oh
But is it sudden?
Or 0 et al moment I saw Dolly wants together everyone is Truly delicious
I guess not
That 's why it 's great
Come on Now everyone is also all right Have you finished writing additional ration Yes Yes
Oh A'So little scare Magia Sea Wow that was your time
[applause]
Boo Boo Do it first From hiro